source/documentation/index.md, before:

# Overview

[Find MoJ data](https://find-moj-data.service.justice.gov.uk/) is the data catalogue service for the Ministry of Justice. The aim is to increase the value of MoJ data by making it easy to find and understand. The catalogue contains metadata - data which describes the data assets - not the data itself.

The service is now in private beta with a limited number of datasets catalogued, currently limited to models from the [Create a Derived Table (CaDeT)](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/create-a-derived-table) service and charts from [Justice Data](https://data.justice.gov.uk/).

## Getting started

All MoJ users can sign in to [Find MoJ data](https://find-moj-data.service.justice.gov.uk/) with their @justice.gov.uk Microsoft account.

## Adding to Find MoJ data

[How to register a model/table from Create a Derived Table](data/cadet-registration/index.html)  
[How to add database metadata from Create a Derived Table](data/cadet-db-registration/index.html)

## Contact us

The best way to contact us is via [our Slack channel](https://moj.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C06NPM2200N).
We are also contactable via [MS Teams](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3Abb91d2a728a54472a41629ee6f2908ea%40thread.tacv2/Ask%20Data%20Catalogue?groupId=f6c3cb3b-591c-4e47-9997-25b6dc9bf5b6&tenantId=c6874728-71e6-41fe-a9e1-2e8c36776ad8)

Commit message:

Make channel links open in new tabs (#23)
Generally this is not recommended, but in this case we feel that it is
jarring for users to be taken away from the guide when they follow a
channel guide, and opening in a new tab is more helpful.

To avoid accessibility issues, describe the behaviour in advance as per
the design system guidance:
https://design-system.service.gov.uk/styles/links/

source/documentation/index.md, after:

# Overview

[Find MoJ data](https://find-moj-data.service.justice.gov.uk/) is the data catalogue service for the Ministry of Justice. The aim is to increase the value of MoJ data by making it easy to find and understand. The catalogue contains metadata - data which describes the data assets - not the data itself.

The service is now in private beta with a limited number of datasets catalogued, currently limited to models from the [Create a Derived Table (CaDeT)](https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/create-a-derived-table) service and charts from [Justice Data](https://data.justice.gov.uk/).

## Getting started

All MoJ users can sign in to [Find MoJ data](https://find-moj-data.service.justice.gov.uk/) with their @justice.gov.uk Microsoft account.

## Adding to Find MoJ data

[How to register a model/table from Create a Derived Table](data/cadet-registration/index.html)  
[How to add database metadata from Create a Derived Table](data/cadet-db-registration/index.html)

## Contact us

The following links open in a new tab.

The best way to contact us is via our <a href="https://moj.enterprise.slack.com/archives/C06NPM2200N" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">Slack channel<span class="govuk-visually-hidden"> (opens in new tab)</span></a>. We are also contactable via our <a href="https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3Abb91d2a728a54472a41629ee6f2908ea%40thread.tacv2/Ask%20Data%20Catalogue?groupId=f6c3cb3b-591c-4e47-9997-25b6dc9bf5b6&tenantId=c6874728-71e6-41fe-a9e1-2e8c36776ad8" rel="noreferrer noopener" target="_blank">MS Teams channel<span class="govuk-visually-hidden"> (opens in new tab)</span></a>.
